Update req-secure header and excerpt (#1094)
expressjs/expressjs.com: _includes/api/en/5x/req-secure.md

<h3 id='req.secure'>req.secure</h3>
 
 A Boolean property that is true if a TLS connection is established. Equivalent to the following:

```js

> <!-- eslint-disable no-unused-expressions -->

Reviewer: Apologies, I should have been more specific. The eslint comment needs to be just above the code block, the linter is choking on finding HTML in the js code block.

Thank you for the quick change, btw!

<h3 id='req.secure'>req.secure</h3>

>  

Reviewer: You can disable the particular eslint rule that's complaining with `<!-- eslint-disable no-unused-expressions -->` before the offending line. That way the code will still be linted, but we can ignore that particular rule for this code block. 

With an inline code example, the linter will never check it.

>  A Boolean property that is true if a TLS connection is established. Equivalent to `req.protocol === 'https'`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 A Boolean property that is true if a TLS connection is established. Equivalent to:
 
 <!-- eslint-disable no-unused-expressions -->
 ```js
req.protocol === 'https'
```

```
